Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited take no responsibility
for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly
disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the
contents of this announcement.




                                         MiniMax Group Inc.
 (A company controlled through weighted voting rights and incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
                                               (Stock Code: 0100)

     (1) REVISION OF ANNUAL CAPS FOR CONTINUING CONNECTED
    TRANSACTIONS UNDER THE MASTER API SERVICE AGREEMENT;
     (2) REVISION OF ANNUAL CAPS FOR CONTINUING CONNECTED
         TRANSACTIONS UNDER THE ALIBABA CLOUD SERVICES
                         AGREEMENT; AND
    (3) PROPOSED REFRESHMENT OF EXISTING GENERAL MANDATE
                  Independent Financial Adviser to the Independent Board Committee
                                  and the Independent Shareholders




 REVISION OF ANNUAL CAPS FOR CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
 UNDER THE MASTER API SERVICE AGREEMENT AND THE ALIBABA CLOUD
 SERVICES AGREEMENT

 Reference is made to the chapter headed “Connected Transactions” contained in the Prospectus
 in relation to, among other things, the Master API Service Agreement and the Alibaba Cloud
 Services Agreement. Pursuant to the Master API Service Agreement, we agreed to provide API
 services to businesses operated by Alibaba Group for a term commencing on the Listing Date
 and ending on December 31, 2028. Pursuant to the Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement, we
 agreed to purchase from Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd. certain cloud products and services for a
 term commencing on the Listing Date and ending on December 31, 2028.

 On August 26, 2026 (after trading hours), the Company entered into the Supplemental Master
 API Service Agreement and the Supplemental Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement with Alibaba
 Cloud Computing Ltd. to amend the existing annual caps for the years ending December 31,
 2026, 2027 and 2028 for the continuing connected transactions under the Master API Service
 Agreement and the Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement.




                                                          1
LISTING RULES IMPLICATIONS

As of the date of this announcement, Alibaba Group, through its associates, is indirectly
interested in approximately 11.36% of the beneficial interests in the share capital of our
Company. Accordingly, Alibaba and its close associates (including Alibaba Cloud Computing
Ltd.) are connected persons of our Company, and the transactions contemplated under the Master
API Service Agreement, Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement and Supplemental Agreements
including Revised Annual Caps, constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company
under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

As the revision contemplated under the Supplemental Agreements constitutes a material change
to the continuing connected transactions under the Master API Service Agreement and Alibaba
Cloud Services Agreement, the Company must re-comply with the provisions of Chapter 14A
of the Listing Rules applicable to the relevant continuing connected transactions. As one or
more of the applicable percentage ratios with reference to the Revised Annual Caps is more than
5%, the revision of the Master API Service Agreement and Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement
contemplated under the Supplemental Agreements are subject to the reporting, annual review,
announcement, circular and Independent Shareholders ’ approval requirements under Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules.

PROPOSED REFRESHMENT OF EXISTING GENERAL MANDATE

The Board proposes to refresh the Existing General Mandate for the Directors to allot, issue and
deal with new Class A Ordinary Shares up to 20% of the issued share capital of the Company
(excluding treasury shares) as at the date of passing of the relevant resolution at the EGM.
Pursuant to Rule 13.36(4) of the Listing Rules, the grant of the New General Mandate is subject
to the Independent Shareholders’ approval by way of an ordinary resolution at the EGM.

GENERAL

A circular containing, among other things, (i) details of the Supplemental Master API Service
Agreement, the Supplemental Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereunder (including the Revised Annual Caps), (ii) information regarding the
grant of the New General Mandate, (iii) a letter from the Independent Board Committee to
the Independent Shareholders together with the recommendation of the Independent Board
Committee, (iv) a letter from the Independent Financial Adviser to the Independent Board
Committee and the Independent Shareholders and (v) a notice of the extraordinary general
meeting is expected to be made available to the Shareholders on or before August 26, 2026.




                                               2
1. REVISION OF ANNUAL CAPS FOR CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
   UNDER THE MASTER API SERVICE AGREEMENT AND THE ALIBABA CLOUD
   SERVICES AGREEMENT

BACKGROUND

Master API Service Agreement and Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement

Reference is made to the chapter headed “Connected Transactions” contained in the Prospectus in
relation to, among other things, the Master API Service Agreement and the Alibaba Cloud Services
Agreement. Pursuant to the Master API Service Agreement, we agreed to provide API services to
businesses operated by Alibaba Group for a term commencing on the Listing Date and ending on
December 31, 2028. Pursuant to the Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement, we agreed to purchase
from Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd. certain cloud products and services for a term commencing on
the Listing Date and ending on December 31, 2028.

The Board hereby announces that the Board has reviewed and assessed the continuing connected
transactions under the Master API Service Agreement and the Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement
and it is reasonably expected that the existing annual caps for the transactions under the Master
API Service Agreement and the Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement for the years ending December
31, 2026, 2027 and 2028 will not be sufficient to support the business needs of the Group.
Accordingly, on August 26, 2026, the Company entered into the Supplemental Agreements with
Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd. to amend the existing annual caps for the years ending December
31, 2026, 2027 and 2028 for the continuing connected transactions under the Master API Service
Agreement and the Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement.

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENTS

Supplemental Master API Service Agreement

Principal terms

Date:                      August 26, 2026

Parties:                   (i)    the Company; and

                           (ii)   Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd.

Revision of annual caps:   (i)    The annual cap for the year ending December 31, 2026 was
                                  revised from USD0.65 million to USD7.5 million;

                           (ii)   The annual cap for the year ending December 31, 2027 was
                                  revised from USD1.00 million to USD22.0 million; and

                           (iii) The annual cap for the year ending December 31, 2028 was
                                 revised from USD1.50 million to USD33.0 million.

Save for the above revision, all other terms of the Master API Service Agreement remain
unchanged.




                                                3
Pricing policy

The amounts paid and to be paid by Alibaba to our Company under the Master API Service
Agreement are determined based on the standard fee rates of API services as provided by the
Group from time to time. The sales price for our API services under the Master API Service
Agreement is fair and reasonable, and on normal commercial terms no less favorable to our
Company than terms offered to Independent Third Parties.

Historical transaction amounts, existing annual caps and Revised Annual Caps

As disclosed in the Prospectus, the existing annual caps under the Master API Service Agreement
are approximately USD0.65 million, USD1.0 million and USD1.5 million for the three years
ending December 31, 2026, 2027 and 2028, respectively, while the historical transaction amounts
under the Master API Service Agreement for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025,
and six months ended June 30, 2026 are approximately USD41,376, USD33,284, USD341,244 and
USD501,704, respectively.

As at the date of this announcement, the continuing connected transactions between the Company
and Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd. under the Master API Service Agreement have not exceeded
the existing annual cap for the year ending December 31, 2026 under the Master API Service
Agreement.

The following table sets out the Revised Annual Caps under the Master API Service Agreement (as
amended by the Supplemental Master API Service Agreement) for the years ending December 31,
2026, 2027 and 2028.

                                  For the year ending For the year ending For the year ending
                                        December 31,        December 31,        December 31,
                                                 2026                2027                2028
                                    (USD in millions)   (USD in millions)   (USD in millions)

Revised Annual Caps                                 7.5                 22.0                  33.0

Basis of determination of the Revised Annual Caps

The Revised Annual Caps were determined after arm’s length negotiations between the Company
and Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd. based on (i) the historical transaction amount; (ii) the high
utilization rates of the existing annual caps under the Master API Service Agreement due to the
expansion of use cases and traffic with Alibaba Group, which reached approximately 77.2%
as of June 30, 2026; (iii) the pricing principles agreed by the parties under the Master API
Service Agreement; and (iv) the expected further substantial expansion in the scope and scale of
cooperation between the parties based on the distinctive capabilities of the Group’s multimodal
general foundation models, including but not limited to: (a) the application of the advanced audio
and speech models across Alibaba Group’s digital media and interaction scenarios; (b) the deep
integration of the Group’s core text, reasoning, and logic models into Alibaba Group’s software
ecosystem; and (c) the parties’ joint development of industry-specific AI solutions in key vertical
sectors, which are expected to result in continued rapid growth in API call volume and the scale of
related services.




                                                4
Reasons for and benefits of entering into the Supplemental Master API Service Agreement

As a globally leading artificial intelligence foundation model company, the Group possesses
multimodal general foundation model capabilities, stable algorithm infrastructure and standardized
API service operation system, and maintains sustained growth in service capacity to cater to the
booming market demand for generative AI and cloud intelligent services. In view of the business
recognition and established business relationship between the Group and Alibaba Group, providing
API services to Alibaba allows the Group to expand high-quality benchmark enterprise clients,
consolidate long-term stable revenue sources, reduce market expansion costs and further elevate
the Group’s brand influence and market share in the domestic large model API service sector.

As the utilization rate of the existing annual cap under the Master API Service Agreement for
the year ending December 31, 2026 has reached approximately 77.2% as of June 30, 2026, it is
reasonably expected that the existing annual cap will not be sufficient to support the expansion of
business scenarios and the continuous cooperation between the two parties. In this connection, the
Supplemental Master API Service Agreement has been entered into to revise the annual caps for
the Master API Service Agreement to enable the Group to continue to supply the API services to
Alibaba and support its business growth.

The Company considers that the entering into of the Supplemental Master API Service Agreement
to increase the annual caps for the continuing connected transactions under the Master API
Service Agreement for the years ending December 31, 2026, 2027 and 2028 is based on the actual
business needs of the Group, in particular, to cater for its market expansion and business strategies.
The above-mentioned annual caps and estimated transaction amounts only represent reasonable
estimates made by the Group based on currently available business cooperation scale, service
growth trend and market environment. The actual transaction value shall be subject to changes
in the external economic environment, industry AI demand iteration, and the actual service
consumption needs of Alibaba from time to time, and should not be construed as reflecting the
actual financial performance or future financial potential of the Group.

Taking into account (i) the continuous growth of market demand for large model API services and
the Group’s service capacity reserve, (ii) the long-term cooperation foundation and mutual business
trust between the Group and Alibaba, and (iii) the transaction terms being no less favourable
than those for independent third-party transactions, the Directors (including the independent
non-executive Directors) are of the view that the terms of the Supplemental Master API Service
Agreement (including the Revised Annual Caps) and transactions contemplated thereunder are fair
and reasonable, on normal commercial terms or better and are conducted in the ordinary and usual
course of business of the Group and in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders as a
whole.




                                                  5
Supplemental Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement

Principal terms

Date:                      August 26, 2026

Parties:                   (i)    the Company; and

                           (ii)   Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd.

Revision of annual caps:   (i)    The annual cap for the year ending December 31, 2026 was
                                  revised from USD115 million to USD300.0 million;

                           (ii)   The annual cap for the year ending December 31, 2027 was
                                  revised from USD125 million to USD400.0 million; and

                           (iii) The annual cap for the year ending December 31, 2028 was
                                 revised from USD135 million to USD500.0 million.

Save for the above revision, all other terms of the Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement remain
unchanged.

Pricing policy

The prices of transactions contemplated under the Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement and the
Supplemental Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement are based on the standard fee rates as provided
by Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd. from time to time, which sets out the specific service scope and
the corresponding prices. The prices offered by Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd. are comparable to
the prices offered by other third-party cloud services providers.

Historical transaction amounts, existing annual caps and Revised Annual Caps

As disclosed in the Prospectus, the existing annual caps under the Alibaba Cloud Services
Agreement are approximately USD115 million, USD125 million and USD135 million for the three
years ending December 31, 2026, 2027 and 2028, respectively, while the historical transaction
amounts under the Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement for the years ended December 31, 2023,
2024 and 2025, and six months ended June 30, 2026 are approximately USD3.1 million, USD10.0
million, USD75.9 million and USD75.6 million, respectively.

As at the date of this announcement, the continuing connected transactions between the Company
and Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd. under the Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement have not
exceeded the existing annual cap for the year ending December 31, 2026 under the Alibaba Cloud
Services Agreement.

The following table sets out the Revised Annual Caps under the Alibaba Cloud Services
Agreement (as amended by the Supplemental Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement) for the years
ending December 31, 2026, 2027 and 2028.




                                                6
                                  For the year ending For the year ending For the year ending
                                        December 31,        December 31,        December 31,
                                                 2026                2027                2028
                                    (USD in millions)   (USD in millions)   (USD in millions)

Revised Annual Caps                               300.0                 400.0                 500.0

Basis of determination of the Revised Annual Caps

The Revised Annual Caps were determined after arm’s length negotiations between the Company
and the Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd. based on (i) the historical transaction amount; (ii) the high
utilization rates of the existing annual caps under the Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement, which
reached approximately 65.7% as of June 30, 2026; (iii) the pricing principles agreed by the parties
under the Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement; (iv) the prevailing market prices of similar cloud
products and services; and (v) the Group’s current and estimated increasing demand for cloud
products and services arising from the expected business development and expansion in cloud
services and AI infrastructure, including but not limited to: (a) its ongoing and growing demand for
high-performance cloud computing resources and underlying infrastructure for model training and
upgrades, in order to maintain the technological leadership of its multimodal general foundation
models; (b) its surging demand for high-performance cloud products and highly available data
centre operation and maintenance services for model inference and high-concurrency responses, as
its customer base and API call volume continue to grow rapidly; and (c) its increasing investment
in cloud security and protection systems to safeguard the business continuity, data security and
high stability of its core operations.

The Company determined the Revised Annual Caps primarily by reference to the Group’s expected
research and development expenses in the coming years as such expenses are expected to be mainly
incurred for the procurement of cloud products and services for the purpose of AI infrastructure
and model research and development. Accordingly, the Company considers the Group’s expected
research and development expenses to be an appropriate basis for the estimation of its demand for
cloud services.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group’s research and development expenses amounted
to approximately USD252.8 million, and the historical transaction amount under the Alibaba Cloud
Services Agreement for the same year amounted to approximately USD75.9 million, representing
approximately 30.0% of the Group’s total research and development expenses. This ratio served as
a reference point for the Company in assessing its current procurement needs from Alibaba Cloud
Computing Ltd.

In July 2026, the Company completed the Placing and the issuance of the 2027 Convertible Bonds.
Approximately 80% of the aggregate net proceeds, being HK$12,701.6 million (equivalent to
approximately USD1,620.7 million, based on the exchange rate of USD1.00 to HK$7.8370), are
intended to be utilized by December 31, 2027 for the enhancement of the Group’s AI infrastructure
and model research and development. This implies an additional average monthly research and
development-related expenditure of approximately USD92.6 million over such period. Together
with the actual transaction amount incurred in the first half of 2026, this formed the basis for
determining the Revised Annual Cap for the year ending December 31, 2026.




                                                 7
The Revised Annual Caps for the years ending December 31, 2027 and 2028 are USD400.0 million
and USD500.0 million, respectively, representing year-on-year increases of approximately 33.3%
and 25.0%. In determining such Revised Annual Caps, the Company considered the historical
growth trend of the Group’s research and development expenses. For the year ended December
31, 2025, the Group’s research and development expenses increased by approximately 33.8%
as compared with that for the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily due to increased cloud
services expenses associated with model training, model iteration and capability upgrades. On
this basis, the Company considers the expected increase in transaction amount from the year
ending December 31, 2026 to the year ending December 31, 2027 will be broadly in line with the
historical growth rate of research and development expenses.

Reasons for and benefits of entering into the Supplemental Alibaba Cloud Services
Agreement

Alibaba Cloud is a globally leading cloud computing and artificial intelligence technology
company, providing scalable, secure and reliable cloud computing services worldwide. The Group’s
procurement of cloud products and services from Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd. can ensure that,
in the course of massive data processing, complex model iteration and high-concurrency API
calls, the Group obtains secure, stable and efficient underlying infrastructure and cloud service
support with a high degree of scalability and flexibility, thereby ensuring the smooth progress of
the Group’s core business operations and the research and development of its foundation models.
As the utilization rate of the existing annual cap under the Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement for
the year ending December 31, 2026 has reached approximately 65.7% as of June 30, 2026, it is
reasonably expected that the existing annual cap will not be sufficient to support the continuous
expansion of the Group’s business scale and its increasing procurement demand for cloud products
and services. In this connection, the Supplemental Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement has been
entered into to revise the annual caps for the Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement to enable the
Group to continue to procure high-quality cloud products and services from Alibaba Cloud
Computing Ltd. and support the Group’s business growth.

The Company considers that the entering into of the Supplemental Alibaba Cloud Services
Agreement to increase the annual caps for the continuing connected transactions under the Alibaba
Cloud Services Agreement for the years ending December 31, 2026, 2027 and 2028 is based on the
actual business needs of the Group. The above-mentioned annual caps and estimated transaction
amounts only represent reasonable estimates made by the Group based on currently available
business development scale, cloud service consumption trend and market environment. The actual
transaction value shall be subject to changes in the external economic environment, industry
demand iteration, and the actual consumption demand of the Group for cloud products and services
from time to time, and should not be construed as reflecting the actual financial performance or
future financial potential of the Group.

Taking into account (i) the continuous growth of the Group’s demand for cloud products and
services for its research and development and business expansion, (ii) the long-term cooperation
foundation and mutual business trust between the Group and Alibaba, and (iii) the transaction
terms being no less favourable than those for independent third-party transactions, including
price competitiveness and service quality, the Directors (including the independent non-executive
Directors) are of the view that the terms of the Supplemental Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement
(including the Revised Annual Caps) and transactions contemplated thereunder are fair and
reasonable, on normal commercial terms or better and are conducted in the ordinary and usual
course of business of the Group and in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders as a
whole.

                                                8
INTERNAL CONTROL MEASURES AND PROCEDURES

In order to ensure the terms and conditions of the continuing connected transactions contemplated
under the Master API Service Agreement, the Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement and the
Supplemental Agreements are on normal commercial terms and fair and reasonable to the Company
and Shareholders and are no less favourable than those offered by Independent Third Parties, the
Company has adopted the following internal control procedures:

(i)    The Group will ensure that the terms and conditions (including the pricing policy) of the
       transactions are fair and reasonable by following the below procedures: the relevant personnel
       of the business, legal and finance teams of the Company will continuously monitor the terms
       and conditions under each specific agreement.

(ii)   Prior to entering into a new transaction, the relevant business team will compare the
       proposed prices or fee rates against those offered by at least two independent third-party
       service providers for comparable products or services, taking into account not only price but
       also other commercial factors such as delivery quality, delivery schedule and certainty of
       execution.

(iii) During the term of the agreements, the designated staff of the finance team of the Company
      will closely monitor the actual amounts incurred for the purpose of ensuring the relevant
      annual caps are not exceeded. They will closely monitor the continuing connected transactions
      and report the latest status to the finance department of the Company on a monthly basis. In
      addition, the relevant business team will conduct a semi-annual review of the prices and fee
      rates of key products and services by benchmarking them against those offered by at least
      two independent third-party service providers for comparable products or services, so as to
      assess whether the transactions continue to be on normal commercial terms. If any material
      deviation is identified after taking into account the relevant commercial factors, the matter
      will be escalated to senior management, which will consider whether re-negotiation with
      Alibaba Group is necessary.

(iv) The independent non-executive Directors will conduct annual review of continuing connected
     transactions and provide annual confirmations in the Company’s annual report on whether the
     continuing connected transactions are conducted: (1) in the ordinary course of business; (2) in
     accordance with normal commercial terms or better and on terms that are fair and reasonable;
     (3) in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements; and (4) in the interests of the
     Company and the Shareholders as a whole.

(v)    The Company ’ s external auditors will also conduct an annual review of the continuing
       connected transactions of the Group and provide annual confirmation to ensure that the
       transactions are conducted in accordance with the terms of the framework agreements
       (including the pricing policies and the annual caps thereof), on normal commercial terms and
       aligned with the pricing policy.

GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE PARTIES

The Company is a leading global AI foundation model company committed to advancing the
frontiers of AI toward artificial general intelligence (AGI), guided by the mission of “Intelligence
with Everyone.” We seek to develop AI capabilities that support an increasingly broad range of
human intellectual and creative tasks across diverse modalities. Our Class A Ordinary Shares were
listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 0100) on January 9, 2026.

                                                  9
Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd. is a company established in the PRC with limited liability and a
consolidated entity of Alibaba Group. It offers a complete suite of cloud services to customers
worldwide, including computing, storage, network, security, database, big data and AI, container,
machine learning, and model training and inference services. It also operates data centers in
multiple countries around the world.

Alibaba Group, as a Substantial Shareholder of the Company, is a company incorporated in the
Cayman Islands, with its American depositary shares listed on the New York Stock Exchange
(symbol: BABA), and its ordinary shares listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 9988 (HKD
Counter) and 89988 (RMB Counter)). Alibaba Group is a global technology company focused on
AI + Cloud and consumption.

LISTING RULES IMPLICATIONS

As at the date of this announcement, Alibaba, through its associates, is indirectly interested in
approximately 11.36% of the beneficial interests in the share capital of our Company. Accordingly,
Alibaba and its close associates (including Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd.) are connected persons
of our Company, and the transactions contemplated under the Master API Service Agreement,
Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement and Supplemental Agreements including Revised Annual Caps,
constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules.

As the revision contemplated under the Supplemental Agreements constitutes a material change
to the continuing connected transactions under the Master API Service Agreement and Alibaba
Cloud Services Agreement, the Company must re-comply with the provisions of Chapter 14A
of the Listing Rules applicable to the relevant continuing connected transactions. As one or
more of the applicable percentage ratios with reference to the Revised Annual Caps is more than
5%, the revision of the Master API Service Agreement and Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement
contemplated under the Supplemental Agreements is subject to the reporting, annual review,
announcement, circular and Independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A
of the Listing Rules.

Mr. Chen Yingjie, our non-executive Director, serving as the managing director of the strategic
investment department in Alibaba Group, is deemed to have a material interest in the Supplemental
Agreements. Therefore, Mr. Chen Yingjie has abstained from voting on the relevant Board
resolutions approving the Supplemental Agreements and the transactions contemplated thereunder
(including the Revised Annual Caps). To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and
belief, having made all reasonable enquiries, save as disclosed above, none of the other Directors
has a material interest in such transactions and is required to abstain from voting on the relevant
resolutions at the Board meeting.

2. PROPOSED REFRESHMENT OF EXISTING GENERAL MANDATE

EXISTING GENERAL MANDATE

At the 2025 AGM, the Shareholders approved, among other things, the grant of the Existing
General Mandate which authorized the Directors to allot, issue and deal with not more than
62,727,061 new Class A Ordinary Shares, being 20% of the issued share capital of the Company of
313,635,308 Shares as at the date of the 2025 AGM.




                                                10
References are made to the announcements of the Company dated July 10, 2026 and July 16, 2026
in relation to the Placing and the issuance of 2027 Convertible Bonds under the Existing General
Mandate. Pursuant to the Placing, the Company has issued 35,600,000 new Class A Ordinary
Shares under the Existing General Mandate. In addition, pursuant to the issuance of the 2027
Convertible Bonds, 19,402,985 Class A Ordinary Shares will be issuable upon full conversion
of the 2027 Convertible Bonds under the Existing General Mandate. Following completion of
the Placing on July 14, 2026 and the issuance of 2027 Convertible Bonds on July 16, 2026,
approximately 87.69% of the Existing General Mandate has been utilized by the Company.

PROPOSED GRANT OF NEW GENERAL MANDATE

As a significant portion of the Existing General Mandate has been utilized, the Board proposes
that: (i) the Directors be granted the New General Mandate to allot and issue Class A Ordinary
Shares not exceeding 20% of the Company’s issued share capital (excluding treasury shares) as
at the date of passing the relevant resolution(s) at the EGM; and (ii) the New General Mandate be
extended to Shares repurchased by the Company pursuant to the repurchase mandate granted to the
Directors at the 2025 AGM.

The Company has not refreshed the Existing General Mandate since the 2025 AGM. The New
General Mandate will last until whichever is the earliest of: (i) the conclusion of the next annual
general meeting of the Company; (ii) the expiration of the period within which the next annual
general meeting of the Company is required by the articles of association of the Company or any
applicable laws to be held; and (iii) the date on which the authority set out in this resolution is
revoked or varied by an ordinary resolution of the Shareholders in general meeting.

As at the date of this announcement, the Company had 349,235,308 Shares in issue. On the
basis that there are no changes in the issued share capital of the Company from the date of this
announcement and up to the date of the EGM, the Directors will be authorized to allot and issue up
to 69,847,061 new Class A Ordinary Shares under the New General Mandate, representing 20% of
the issued share capital of the Company (excluding treasury shares) as at the date of the EGM.

REASONS FOR THE GRANT OF THE NEW GENERAL MANDATE

In assessing the needs for the grant of the New General Mandate, the Board has considered the
following:

(i)   A significant portion (approximately 87.69%) of the Existing General Mandate has been
      utilized following the completion of the Placing on July 14, 2026 and the issuance of the 2027
      Convertible Bonds on July 16, 2026. As the next annual general meeting of the Company (the
      “2026 AGM”) is currently expected to be held in mid-June 2027, the Board considers that,
      absent a refreshed general mandate, the Company would have limited flexibility to conduct
      equity fund-raising during the period prior to the 2026 AGM. The Directors believe that the
      grant of the New General Mandate will significantly enhance the Group’s financing capacity
      and financial flexibility, enabling the Company to strategically deploy capital when suitable
      opportunities arise, which is in the best interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a
      whole.




                                                 11
(ii)   The Group is a leading global AI foundation model company committed to advancing
       the frontiers of AI toward artificial general intelligence (AGI). The Group has recorded
       significant business growth in recent years, with revenue increasing by approximately
       158.9% from approximately US$30.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 to
       approximately US$79.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, and gross profit
       improving by approximately 437.2% from approximately US$3.7 million to approximately
       US$20.1 million over the same period. The continued development and commercialization of
       the Group’s foundation models and AI-native products require substantial and ongoing capital
       investment, in particular for enhancing the Group’s AI infrastructure and model research
       and development, accelerating global commercialization and the development of the Group’s
       products, and general working capital and corporate purposes. The New General Mandate
       will provide the Company with the flexibility to further fund its business development when
       suitable opportunities are identified.

(iii) The Board believes the New General Mandate offers a faster, more flexible, and more
      cost-effective financing option than debt financing, rights issues, or open offers. Unlike debt
      financing, it does not impose interest obligations; unlike pre-emptive equity fund-raising
      methods, it involves less time, lower costs, and fewer procedural uncertainties. It also allows
      the Company to respond quickly to funding or investment opportunities. Accordingly,
      the Board considers the grant of the New General Mandate to be fair, reasonable, and
      in the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole. As of the date of this
      announcement, the Company had no concrete plan to utilize the New General Mandate, nor
      had it entered into any arrangement, memorandum of understanding or negotiation about any
      possible fund raising exercises.

LISTING RULES IMPLICATIONS

Pursuant to Rule 13.36(4) of the Listing Rules, the grant of the New General Mandate will be
subject to the Independent Shareholders’ approval by way of ordinary resolution(s) at the EGM.

INDEPENDENT BOARD COMMITTEE AND INDEPENDENT FINANCIAL ADVISER

An Independent Board Committee, comprising all independent non-executive Directors, has been
established to advise the Independent Shareholders as to whether (i) the terms of the Supplemental
Agreements and the transactions contemplated thereunder are fair and reasonable, on normal
commercial terms or better and in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group and in
the interest of the Company and the Independent Shareholders as a whole; and (ii) the proposed
grant of the New General Mandate is fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Company and
the Shareholders as a whole, and to advise the Independent Shareholders on how to vote at the
EGM. The Company has appointed the Independent Financial Adviser to advise the Independent
Board Committee and the Independent Shareholders in respect of (i) the Supplemental Agreements
and the transactions contemplated thereunder; and (ii) the proposed grant of the New General
Mandate.

GENERAL

The EGM will be convened and held for the Independent Shareholders to consider and, if thought
fit, to approve, among other things, (i) the Supplemental Agreements and the transactions
contemplated thereunder, including the Revised Annual Caps, and (ii) the grant of the New General
Mandate.


                                                 12
Pursuant to Rule 2.15 and Rule 14A.36 of the Listing Rules, any Shareholder and his or her or its
associates with a material interest in the resolutions will abstain from voting on the resolutions in
respect of entering into of the transactions contemplated under the Supplemental Agreements and
the Revised Annual Caps. As at the date of this announcement, Alibaba, through its associates,
is indirectly interested in approximately 11.36% of the beneficial interests in the share capital of
our Company. Accordingly, Alibaba and its close associates (including Alibaba Cloud Computing
Ltd.) are connected persons of our Company, and the transactions contemplated under the Master
API Service Agreement, the Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement and the Supplemental Agreements
including the Revised Annual Caps, constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company
under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. In respect of the relevant resolutions to be passed at
the EGM, Alibaba controls or is entitled to exercise control over the voting rights attached to its
shareholding of 39,662,627 Shares in the Company (representing approximately 11.36% of the
total issued share capital of the Company).

Pursuant to Rule 13.36(4) of the Listing Rules, the grant of the New General Mandate will be
subject to the Independent Shareholders’ approval by way of ordinary resolution(s) at the EGM.
Any controlling shareholders and their respective associates, or where there is no controlling
shareholder, the Directors (excluding independent non-executive Directors) and the chief executive
of the Company and their respective associates shall abstain from voting in favour of the relevant
resolutions to approve the grant of the New General Mandate.

As at the date of this announcement, to the best knowledge, belief and information of the
Directors having made all reasonable enquiries, Dr. Yan, Local Linearity, Alpha EXP, MiniMax
Matrix, MiniMax Limited, Scaling EXP Limited, and MiniMax Awakening are the Controlling
Shareholders. Accordingly, Dr. Yan, Local Linearity, Alpha EXP, MiniMax Matrix, MiniMax
Limited, Scaling EXP Limited, and MiniMax Awakening, together with their associates, are
required to abstain from voting in favour of the ordinary resolution(s) regarding the grant of the
New General Mandate at the EGM.

Save for the aforesaid and to the best of the information, knowledge and belief of the Directors
having made all reasonable enquiries, no other Shareholders are required to abstain from voting at
the EGM.

DEFINITIONS

In this announcement, unless otherwise defined or the context otherwise requires, the following
terms or expressions shall have the following meanings:

“2025 AGM”                    the annual general meeting of the Company held on June 11, 2026

“2027 Convertible Bonds”      zero coupon guaranteed convertible bonds with an aggregate
                              principal amount of HK$6,500.00 million due 2027, issued by the
                              Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary MiniMax Innovations Limited
                              on July 16, 2026

“Alibaba Cloud                the Alibaba cloud services agreement entered into between the
  Services Agreement”         Company and Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd. on December 29, 2025




                                                 13
“Alibaba Group” or           Alibaba Group Holding Limited (阿里巴巴集團控股有限公司), a
  “Alibaba”                  company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, with its American
                             depositary shares, listed on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol:
                             BABA), and its ordinary shares listed on the Stock Exchange (stock
                             code: 9988 (HKD Counter) and 89988 (RMB Counter))

“associate(s)”               has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Board”                      the board of Directors of the Company

“Class A Ordinary Shares”    Class A ordinary shares in the share capital of the Company with
                             a par value of US$0.0001 each, conferring a holder of a Class A
                             ordinary share one vote per share on all matters subject to the vote
                             at general meetings of the Company

“Class B Ordinary Shares”    Class B ordinary shares in the share capital of the Company with
                             a par value of US$0.0001 each, conferring weighted voting rights
                             in the Company such that a holder of a Class B ordinary share is
                             entitled to ten votes per share on all matters subject to the vote at
                             general meetings of the Company, subject to the requirements under
                             Rule 8A.24 of the Listing Rules that the Reserved Matters shall be
                             voted on a one vote per share basis

“close associate(s)”         has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Company”, “our              MiniMax Group Inc., an exempted company with limited liability
  Company”, or               incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on June 30, 2021
  “the Company”

“connected person(s)”        has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“connected transaction(s)”   has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Controlling Shareholder(s)” has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules and unless
                             the context requires otherwise, refers to Dr. Yan, Local Linearity,
                             Alpha EXP, MiniMax Matrix, MiniMax Limited, Scaling EXP
                             Limited, and MiniMax Awakening

“Director(s)”                the director(s) of our Company

“EGM” or “Extraordinary      the extraordinary general meeting of the Company to be convened to
  General Meeting”           consider and, if appropriate, to approve Supplemental Agreements
                             and the transactions contemplated thereunder (including the Revised
                             Annual Caps) and the proposed grant of the New General Mandate,
                             or any adjournment thereof

“Existing General            the general mandate granted to the Directors by the resolution of the
  Mandate”                   Shareholders passed at the 2025 AGM to allot, issue and deal with
                             additional Class A Ordinary Shares not exceeding 20% of the issued
                             share capital of the Company (excluding treasury shares) as at the
                             date of the 2025 AGM

                                               14
“Group”                      the Company and its subsidiaries

“Independent Board           an independent board committee of the Company comprising all
  Committee”                 the independent non-executive Directors to advise the Independent
                             Shareholders in respect of (i) the Supplemental Agreements and
                             transactions contemplated thereunder; and (ii) the proposed grant of
                             the New General Mandate

“Independent Financial       Gram Capital Limited, a corporation licensed to carry on Type 6
  Adviser”                   (advising on corporate finance) regulated activity as defined under
                             the SFO, being the independent financial adviser to the Independent
                             Board Committee and the Independent Shareholders in respect of
                             (i) the Supplemental Agreements and the transactions contemplated
                             thereunder; and (ii) the proposed grant of the New General Mandate

“Independent Shareholders”   Shareholders who are not required to abstain from voting at the
                             EGM

“Independent Third           any person(s) or entity(ies) who is not a connected person of the
  Party(ies)”                Company within the meaning of the Listing Rules

“Listing Date”               January 9, 2026, on which our Class A Ordinary Shares are listed
                             and on which dealings in our Class A Ordinary Shares are to be first
                             permitted to take place on the Stock Exchange

“Listing Rules”              the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
                             Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (as amended, supplemented or
                             otherwise modified from time to time)

“Listing”                    the listing of our Shares on the Main Board

“Master API Service          the master API service agreement entered into between the Company
  Agreement”                 and Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd. on December 29, 2025

“Main Board”                 the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the
                             Stock Exchange which is independent from and operated in parallel
                             with the GEM of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange

“New General Mandate”        the general mandate proposed to be sought at the EGM to authorise
                             the Directors to allot, issue and deal with new Class A Ordinary
                             Shares not exceeding 20% of the issued share capital of the
                             Company (excluding treasury shares) as at the date of passing the
                             relevant resolution

“Placing”                    the allotment and issuance of 35,600,000 Class A Ordinary Shares at
                             the placing price of HK$268.00 per Class A Ordinary Share pursuant
                             to the Existing General Mandate on July 14, 2026

“Prospectus”                 the prospectus dated December 31, 2025 issued by the Company



                                              15
“Revised Annual Caps”        the proposed revision of annual caps for the years ending December
                             31, 2026, 2027 and 2028 in respect of the transactions under the
                             Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement and the Master API Service
                             Agreement as set out in the section headed “Historical transaction
                             amounts, existing annual caps and Revised Annual Caps” in this
                             announcement

“Share(s)”                   the Class A Ordinary Shares and the Class B Ordinary Shares in the
                             share capital of the Company, as the context so requires

“Shareholder(s)”             holder(s) of our Share(s)

“Stock Exchange”             The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“Supplemental Agreements” collectively, the Supplemental Master API Service Agreement and
                          Supplemental Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement

“Supplemental Alibaba        the supplemental agreement to the Alibaba Cloud Services
  Cloud Services             Agreement dated August 26, 2026, entered into between the
  Agreement”                 Company and Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd. to revise the existing
                             annual caps under the Alibaba Cloud Services Agreement

“Supplemental Master         the supplemental agreement to the Master API Service Agreement
   API Service               dated August 26, 2026, entered into between the Company and
  Agreement”                 Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd. to revise the existing annual caps
                             under the Master API Service Agreement

“subsidiary(ies)”            has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Substantial                 has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules
  Shareholder(s)”

“USD”, “US$” or              United States dollar, the lawful currency of the United States
  “U.S. dollars”

“%”                          per cent

                                                               By order of the Board
                                                               MiniMax Group Inc.
                                                                   Dr. Yan Junjie
                                                    Chairman of the Board and Executive Director

Hong Kong, August 26, 2026

As of the date of this announcement, the Board comprises: (i) Dr. Yan Junjie, Ms. Yun Yeyi, Mr.
Zhao Pengyu and Mr. Zhou Yucong as executive Directors; (ii) Mr. Chen Yingjie and Mr. Liu Wei
as non-executive Directors; and (iii) Mr. Huang Guobin, Dr. Wang Pengcheng and Dr. Li Ziqing as
independent non-executive Directors.




                                               16
